TSA 2022-2023 Software Development Project: SFHS Tracker

This original program will track student participation and attendance at school events. Administrators can create events
and students can register for events. Students gain points (set by administrators) after the event date is over.
There is also a built-in messaging system.

Advanced program features:
1. Changing the backup folder:
. Name a folder called "backup_files" and place it where you want all backup files to be saved
. Copy the path of the folder
. Replace the path from line 105 of main.py to the path you copied (every computer needing a path change will need this 
	process done)

2. Customizing the Output Report
. Change the threshold and award in the settings page as an administrator as neccessary
. Go to the leaderboard in the home page as an administrator
. All changes made will be dynamically displayed on the leaderboard

Getting started as an administrator:
 1. Log in to the program as an administrator (ID: 123167, Password: demopass)
 2. Add students to the database by going to the student control page and adding the information for each student
 3. Add events using the events page.
 4. Track student progress by checking the leaderboard in the home page.
 5. Notify students using the message board in the notification page.
 4. Customize the experience using the settings page.
 5. To activate interactive help mode, toggle the "help switch".

Getting started as a student:
 1. Log in using the ID and Password given by your administrator (default id: 123167, default password: studpass)
 2. Register for events in the home page.
 3. Check notifications from your administrator in the notifications page.
 4. Customize your user experience using the settings page.

Licenses and Versioning
. PyCharm Community Edition 2021.2
. MySQL Workbench 8.0 CE
. Packages:     Babel Version 2.10.3
		Pillow Version 9.2.0
		customtkinter version 4.6.3
		darkdetect version 0.7.1
 		future version 0.18.2
		mysql-connector version 2.2.9
		mysql-connector-python version 8.0.30
		pip version 21.1.2
		protobuf version 3.20.1
		pytz version 2022.2.1
		setuptools version 57.0.0
		tkcalendar version 1.6.1
		wheel 0.36.2


Copyright Information

home.png is downloaded from https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/home; CC BY 3.0 License: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
no changes were made; the licensor (Dave Gandy Fill) does not endorse my use of the icon; icon was used as a button to go to the home page

calendar.png is downloaded from https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/calendar"; Free for personal and commercial purpose with attribution; no changes were made
the licensor (Freepik) does not endorse my use of the icon; icon was used as a button to go to the events page

leaderboard.png is downloaded from https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/leaderboard; Free for personal and commercial purpose with attribution; no changes were made
the licensor (Freepik) does not endorse my use of the icon; icon was used as a button to go to the leaderboard page

bell.png is downloaded from https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/alarm; Free for personal and commercial purpose with attribution; no changes were made
the licensor (Freepik) does not endorse my use of the icon; icon was used as a button to go to the notifications page

plus-and-minus.png is downloaded from https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/add; Free for personal and commercial purpose with attribution; no changes were made
the licensor (Vaadin) does not endorse my use of the icon; icon was used as a button to go to the add or remove accounts page

settings.png is downloaded from https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/gear; Free for personal and commercial purpose with attribution
no changes were made; the licensor (Freepik) does not endorse my use of the icon; icon was used as a button to go to the settings page
